[Music]
patients suffering from chronic kidney
disease are dependent on life-saving
dialysis
treatment that's under threat because of
Israel's Siege on
Gaza three members of my family must
have their blood cleansed the journey
itself to the hospital is a challenge a
shortage of food and nutrition and a
lack of clean water add to our suffering
we are losing weight and our hit with
fatigue and exhaustion many patients are
now in a dire need for blood transfusion
which is not
available the Gaza Strip has 1,100
patients with chronic kidney disease who
need three treatments a week alifa
Hospital in Northern Gaza is one of the
few hospitals still operating but many
patients have to travel long distances
to get there delays in treatment mean
more
complications it is common knowledge
that absence of dialysis leads to the
buildup of toxins in the patient's
bloodstream this disturbs the body's
acids and fluids this is caused by many
factors power being cut off as well as
the water desalination plant coming out
of operation amid absence of clean fresh
water patients also say they are
desperate and in dire need of help with
food and medical supplies running out
fast their survival depends on that help
arriving soon axel zovich aler